Development log
---------------

juno3 versions consist of three parts. major.minor.commit. Because juno is constantly developed,
increasing the version for even the smallest changes helps track errors. Only six commits are in a
minor, and only ten minors are in a major - the minor increases for every six changes. (up to 5,
starting at 0.) Using this system, it's likely that an entire minor will be completed in a day.

0. April 30, 2011

    0. April 30, 2011

        0. Added directory finder.

        1. Finished configuration parser and fetcher functions.

        2. Fixed configuration parser.

        3. Added load_requirements() and fatal() util.
           user.pm is now soley for users; connection.pm will handle connections.

        4. Whoops, forgot to put fatal() in @EXPORT_OK.
           fatal() logs the method that called it now.
           Added create_sockets() to create listening sockets and fatal() if not listening.
           Added main loop stuff.
           Added handler to connection.pm (kinda.)
           Added send functions.

        May 1, 2011

        5. Added basic pre-registration commands and temporary incoming data handler (without any form of flood protection.)

        6. Set connection->{ready} when NICK and USER have both been verified.
           Made the configuration parser ignore blank lines.
           Finished outgoing buffer.

        7. Added user::new() and some more user.pm stuff.

        8. Added connection::lookup() to a find a connection by its user or server object.
           Finished connection.pm's data forwarding to user.pm or server.pm.

        9. Finished SERVER and PASS.

    1. May 1, 2011

        0. Fixed realname bug.
           Change configuration setup.

        1. Fixed crash if disconnect before register.
           Allow any drop-in replacement for IO::Socket::INET such as IO::Socket::IP or IO::Socket::INET6.
           Finsihed flood protection and incoming buffer.

        2. Added md5 support.
           Changed configuration some more.
           Added autoconnect and stuff.

        3. Added more linking stuff.

        May 2, 2011

        4. If the credentials have been sent, don't send them again.
